KOI - Kepler Object of Interest.

kepoi_name: A KOI is a target identified by the Kepler Project that displays at least one transit-like sequence within Kepler time-series photometry that appears to be of astrophysical origin and initially consistent with a planetary transit hypothesis.

kepler_name: These names are intended to clearly indicate a class of objects that have been confirmed or validated as planets—a step up from the planet candidate designation.

koi_disposition: The disposition in the literature towards this exoplanet candidate. One of CANDIDATE, FALSE POSITIVE, NOT DISPOSITIONED or CONFIRMED.

koi_pdisposition: The disposition Kepler data analysis has towards this exoplanet candidate. One of FALSE POSITIVE, NOT DISPOSITIONED, and CANDIDATE.

koi_score: A value between 0 and 1 that indicates the confidence in the KOI disposition. For CANDIDATEs, a higher value indicates more confidence in its disposition, while for FALSE POSITIVEs, a higher value indicates less confidence in that disposition.

koi_fpflag_nt: A KOI whose light curve is not consistent with that of a transiting planet. This includes, but is not limited to, instrumental artifacts, non-eclipsing variable stars, and spurious (very low SNR) detections.

koi_fpflag_ss: A KOI that is observed to have a significant secondary event, transit shape, or out-of-eclipse variability, which indicates that the transit-like event is most likely caused by an eclipsing binary. However, self-luminous, hot Jupiters with a visible secondary eclipse will also have this flag set, but with a disposition of PC.

koi_fpflag_co: The source of the signal is from a nearby star, as inferred by measuring the centroid location of the image both in and out of transit, or by the strength of the transit signal in the target's outer (halo) pixels as compared to the transit signal from the pixels in the optimal (or core) aperture.

koi_srad: The photospheric radius of the star.

koi_kepmag: This is the Kepler band.

koi_period: The interval between consecutive planetary transits